greetings I'm Rob Chapman and I'm
Captain America we're oh we're at
Anderson's dock kotatsu ke home of Tony
home of tone home that sounds slightly
almost if you said that really really
quickly on time at appropriately anyway
um I got a Les Paul
I got a Les Paul I've got a Cornford
Hellcat with a two by twelve cabinet and
a couple of these fine and dandy German
products here by a bigger company called
Palmer who make all sorts of gadgets for
guitars but are probably best known for
their speaker simulators that they make
one of them fully there are two here
there's sort of the gray one called the
PDI oh three has been around for as long
as I can remember and is essentially a
you've seen a lot of studios and they
claim to have had guitar players from
Van Halen to Def Leppard and all kinds
of other names and what they were to use
these foreigner studios is to get a sort
of a kick ass cranked guitar amp sound
but like from the speaker output into
the speaker simulator box and then a D
I'd signal from this into the desk to
get their guitar sound last year crept
into the catalogue an updated version of
it called the PGA o4 so should we start
with us getting some tones from the cab
after the line so literally this listen
to this
so that's what that's what the amp
sounds like on its own what we're now
doing is running the sound that you're
hearing out of the load box so the first
thing I've done is cranked the master
volume of the hellcat up to sort of
three-quarters of the way around so it's
always the we have 30 Watts worth
they're on yeah if this was in the room
this would be unbearably loud